<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@tridion-sites/models](./models.md) &gt; [TranslationJobDisplayState](./models.translationjobdisplaystate.md)

## TranslationJobDisplayState type

Gets the state that should be displayed in the UI for the. This is slightly more detailed than the.

Members: \* `error` - The is in an error state not related to retrieval or sending the. The errors are available in. \* `canceled` - The was canceled in the translation management system before all items where retrieved. \* `completed` - The translation of the has been completed. \* `definition` - It is still possible to edit the before it is send for translation. \* `awaitingAuthorization` - One or more s is ready for authorization. \* `awaitingAuthorizationAndError` - One or more s is ready for authorization and one or more errors is available in. \* `errorRetrieving` - The is in an error state related to retrieving translations. The errors are available in. \* `inTranslation` - The is currently in translation. Some - but not all - items might have been canceled or completed. \* `errorSending` - The is in an error state related to sending the Items for translation. The errors are available in. \* `submittingToTranslation` - The is currently being send to the translation management system by the Translation Manager windows service. \* `readyForTranslation` - The is no longer in state and is ready to be send for translation by the Translation Manager windows service. \* `deleting` - The is being deleted by the Translation Manager windows service. \* `unknownByClient` - Special reserved value used to notify an older API version client about the presence of an enumeration member added in a later API version. Explicitly setting this value by a client is not allowed, but client code should check it and be able to handle such cases.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export type TranslationJobDisplayState =
    | 'awaitingAuthorization'
    | 'awaitingAuthorizationAndError'
    | 'canceled'
    | 'completed'
    | 'definition'
    | 'deleting'
    | 'error'
    | 'errorRetrieving'
    | 'errorSending'
    | 'inTranslation'
    | 'readyForTranslation'
    | 'submittingToTranslation'
    | 'unknownByClient';
```
