<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@tridion-sites/open-api-client](./open-api-client.md) &gt; [RetrieveReason](./open-api-client.retrievereason.md)

## RetrieveReason enum

Used in to indicate why the item was retrieved.

Members: \* `Unknown` - The reason is not known. Most likely the item was retrieved by a previous version of Translation Manager that could only retrieve items when they were Completed.

\* `Completed` - The item was completed in the Translation Management system. Translation Manager consider the Item completed and will complete the Translation Job once all items are in this stage.

\* `Review` - The item was retrieved to allow review in Tridion Sites. The item remains in control of the translation management system's workflow and Translation Manager will attempt to retrieve the Item again.

\* `Preview` - The item was retrieved to allow preview in Tridion Sites. The item remains in control of the translation management system's workflow and Translation Manager will attempt to retrieve the Item again.

\* `UnknownByClient` - Special reserved value used to notify an older API version client about the presence of an enumeration member added in a later API version. Explicitly setting this value by a client is not allowed, but client code should check it and be able to handle such cases.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare enum RetrieveReason
```

## Enumeration Members

| Member            | Value                                    | Description |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| COMPLETED         | <code>&quot;Completed&quot;</code>       |             |
| PREVIEW           | <code>&quot;Preview&quot;</code>         |             |
| REVIEW            | <code>&quot;Review&quot;</code>          |             |
| UNKNOWN           | <code>&quot;Unknown&quot;</code>         |             |
| UNKNOWN_BY_CLIENT | <code>&quot;UnknownByClient&quot;</code> |             |
